Title:   Carnithus’ Armamentarium 

Author :   Carnithus 

Version :   1.0

Requires:  Morrowind/Tribunal/Blood Moon 

Mature Warning:  This MOD contains depictions of NUDITY. If you are in anyway offended or afraid of the NUDE form then 
please PLUCK OUT YOUR EYES, SLAP YOURSELF, AND BEG FORGIVENESS! Or you could just grow up and realize its not that big of a 
deal. 

Screen Shots:  http://www.angelfire.com/empire2/innercrypt/    

Classification:  Textures, Meshes, Armor, Clothes, Potions, Spells, Misc. Items, and I hope that covers it.

Description:  The only EVIL ARMOR MOD you will ever need ( besides my add-ons). Carnithus has become old and tired. Taking 
a break from looting and plundering, he has opened a shop in the Mournhold Bazaar ( much to their distress ;) ) to sell his
many items that he has collected over time. This MOD contains all of my previously released armor sets with new female 
versions, and beast variants for greaves to cover the ankle. There is armor, weapons, wings, skirts, neck wraps, clothes, 
skins, masks, jewelry, liquor, blood…..a whole lot of stuff all for sale at a reasonable price by the man himself Carnithus 
who is Vampire friendly! There are other items as well like rugs, tapestries, statics, etc. that are not for sale, but 
included in the plug-in. The items here have no scripts or enchantments attached ( except for wing rings ) and have 
rebalanced stats that should allow for completely balanced game play. In other words they do not have the highest stats in 
 

To Complainants:   If you don’t like the stats then change them yourself. There is no sense in complaining to me about it.
 Everyone has their own preference of game play, and there is no “right” way to play. I am more than happy to take 
constructive criticism, but tedious complacencies I can do without. Thank you.


Credits for Meshes/Original Textures:   Rhedd, Arathrax, Don Salus, Mykul, Adul, Soulshade, Maboroshi Daikon, 
Aedroth, Dongle, Dale Stalker, and Silaria.


Textures:   All textures have been created or modified by Carnithus.

Other:   All other aspects by Carnithus


Extra Thanks:   My BIGGEST THANKS goes to CABRON for his very detailed testing, suggestions, and his help balancing the MOD.
 THANKS!!! 
 
Thanks to all of the MOD users who have enjoyed and downloaded my MODs as well as my forum neighbors. 




Extra Notes:   These files will in no way interfere with my previous MODs. Please allow all of the files to be overwritten. 
I have replaced some old textures and meshes. This will also fix the “mask crash” problem from Blood Lines. Do not teleport 
out of “Carnithus’ Armamentarium”. The scripts are set on the door. If you do the music from that cell will continue to play
until you return to the cell and then exit again. The Succubus Armor is biped only for females. If you equip the armor on a 
male character the body parts will disappear. There is no female version of the Blood Lord Cuirass. The war Master Greaves 
have no groin because it clips with the cuirass. Also there are some armor pieces that are not full sets. These work well 
with other sets. Example: Blood Lord Cuirass, Blood Lord Pauldrons, Blood Minion greaves, etc. Please feel free to mix and 
match. On a last note the AR on the flesh masks is so your over all AR is not reduced by equiping them.There is no male 
version of the Night Stalker armor, and no female version of the Magus Armor.








Installation:  Extract Data Files folder to your Morrowind folder. This works for me ,but If for some reason the 
installation is incorrect be sure that all icons and meshes stay in the CRN sub-folders.  


           ~Carnithus