Title:  Carnithus’ Armamentarium Add-On II/Update

Author   Carnithus

Requirements:   Tribunal, Bloodmoon, Carnithus’ Armamentarium, Carnithus’ Armamentarium Add-On I


Description:   This is an add-on/update for Carnithus’ Armamentarium. It includes new armor, clothing, weapons, tapestries, 
dinnerware, equipable lutes, and skooma pipes. It also moves the Armamentarium out of Mournhold. Carnithus’ should no longer
equip items (except for robes) that you sell him. Even if he does equip an item he should reset when you reenter the 
Armamentarium. The music will now continue to play while you browse the Armamentarium, and will end when you leave even if 
you teleport out.The Chain Maiden Armor and clothes are for Better Bodies only. 


Credits:   Credits for Meshes/Original Textures:   Rhedd, Arathrax, Don Salus, Mykul, Adul, Soulshade, Maboroshi Daikon, 
Aedroth, Dongle, Silaria, Daduke, Niero, Snakebitten, PhyntoWasp, KTX  Hurdy Gurdy, Sabergirl, Ashemanu, Neoliv, Durgoth, 
Ian, Cenobite.
If I forgot anyone I sincerely apologize.

Special Thanks to Daduke for the meshes he made for this MOD and to Dongle for the lutes.

Special thanks to Jaxalot for the new music script.

All textures modified or created by Carnithus. All other aspects by Carnithus.

BIG thanks to Ashemanu, Sabergirl, and Jaxalot for beta testing.



Intallation:   Extract to your Bethesda/Morrowind folder. (NOT YOUR DATA FILES FOLDER!) Please alow all files to overwrite.

If you are starting a new game or have never used the original esp files then just use the NG_New_Carnithus'_Armamentarium 
esp file. You do not have to follow the instructions below.


Special Instructions:   Moving the Armamentarium was a bit of a challenge because of  the need for a new esp. file. 
You need to follow these instructions EXACTLY when loading the new esp. file in order to prevent problems with saved 
game data.

1. Back up your saved game.

2. You MUST be using a saved game that you have loaded Carnithus’ Armamentarium and the Add-On, and have already visited 
the Armamentarium in. Also you should not be in Mournhold.

3.  When you load the game ONLY use the New Carnithus’ Armamentarium esp. file. Be sure that Carnithus’ Armamentarium and 
the Add-On are NOT selected.

4.  Load the game.

5.  You will get some error messages. Click “yes” to all. 

6.  Save and reload the game. There should be no error messages this time. 

7. Go back to Mournhold where the Armamentarium used to be and talk to the Drow.

Everything should work just fine after this. 



Permission: Many people have asked me permission to use my work. I will not be returning anymore e-mails about this issue.
I can’t control who or how many people will use it, so let me just say this. Go ahead and use it. The only thing I ask is 
that the MOD has some kind of substance to it, and is not just about the items. I also ask that you RENAME ALL the mesh,
texture, and editor IDs. This is important because I have and will update textures and meshes with my releases. I don’t
want older files that you may be using to overwrite newer ones that I have released if your MOD is installed at a latter 
time. Finally please be sure to give me the proper credit, and maybe even add a link to my site in your readme file. Thanks.




For down loads, screen shots, news, comments and to report any problems come to my site.

http://www.angelfire.com/empire2/innercrypt/ 


Journey well! 

      ~Carnithus  